It's really hard to find a place in iron shoes
It takes all the effort
It seems that I can cut the grass and eradicate the roots today Wang Chongyang
If you don't let him go
I will never forgive you
I don't think you understand the state.
I can take this woman's life at any time
Stand here now
You dare to touch me?
Linze, don't worry about me
today
I must let this old fox fight for his future
I'd like to see it
Who paid the price today?
Boy, I count to three
If you don't kneel
Not enough for me to make his head bloom
That's right. You can't kneel.
A man kneels on his knees to his parents
You can't be like this beast that wiped out our whole race
Kneel down and I'll tell you
I'm not that patient.
Two, yes, you can't kneel.
The man I spent July looking at
Must be an unyielding
Anyway, Changfeng's unparalleled hero
If you dare to kneel before this clean-faced man
I will never forgive you
July, I promised your father
To protect you for life
Xiamen princess arrives
Who dares to make the true son of this princess kneel